all right i'm a head out
students you have four hours for the
exam and you will need to score 69
percent
out of 420 marks in order to pass
um are we allowed to use lookup tables
and calculators
you guys and don't forget class
tree diagrams are not considered to be
valid proofs
and no pictures aren't either
oh if i see either of these on your
solutions
don't expect any marks for the question
all right here are your exams better
look next time
but professor dodson we didn't even
start yet well it won't change the
outcome will it
don't worry guys the exam's actually
really easy i don't think you'll have
any problems with it
in case of a quantum mechanical harmonic
oscillator
calculate the probability of a particle
being found outside of the classical
root
excuse me professor i think you made a
mistake on exercise number one on the
first
exercise in case you forgot we are doing
introductory stochastics here in the
exercises asking for a
harmonic approximator what do you miss
that
you know how to calculate probability
amplitudes and probabilities in general
right
yeah sure we are doing probability
theory after all
well then i don't see a problem here
this answer seems kind of weird
never mind close enough
excuse me professor i've got a question
damn that guy must be good if he's done
already
i'd i'm a head out
this isn't your exam what is this
[Music]
oh [ __ ] sake what are those exercises
they look nothing like the homework
assignments
um exercise number four requires the
results from
number three but i'm not able to solve
this one
can i still proceed without those
students your time is up please stop
writing
oh [ __ ] i couldn't finish it up diver
just i would just convert to spike with
three and two will be forever in my
basement done
consider this an easy a
hey no looking at your tattoos
[Music]
what a nerf are you doing nothing
um it's a little warm in here don't you
[Music]
[Applause]
think
[Music]
that's it get out
fine
[Music]
okay
so
will you stop copying my work why you
know if are you talking disqualified
what
certainly right should have just let me
copy
how was your exam oh you know
i failed nice me too
at least we are doing better than this
guy
good morning fellow mathematicians we're
already at the end of the skit
sadly the video you just now watched has
been the collaboration between tomrock
smith so tom crawford and myself
and we thought it might be a great idea
to collaborate at some point and we are
going to do so
in the near future once again but before
you start watching the video i invite
you to go over to his channel tom
rocksmith on youtube or his twitter
account
and subscribe to him or follow him on
his twitter handle he does an amazing
job had already many appearances here on
number five here on youtube
and you should definitely subscribe if
you haven't done so already not only to
him
but also to myself and if you're
interested in way more mathematics to
flamble mavs 2 you can find a link down
there in the description
also if you are wondering where you
could get this amazing globe right here
that you were staring at the whole time
already
then i can answer your question all the
merch you have seen today
be it the apparel that i have worn or
everything starting from
this very nice hot beverage powered
sterling engine
to this levitation globe blind bottles
chaotic double pendulums yes we have
double pendulums over
on stem merge you can find it there
everything stem related we are
expanding our repertoire each and every
day we are striving to get way more
stuff in for biology chemistry etc
and by now we have already gathered
quite a bunch of very nerdy
very cool stuff check out stem merch and
support the channel this way
most of the apparel that i have worn can
be found over on stem merch but some can
only be found in my personal teespring
shop
like for example the nice one so with
the
regular ita function so if you're
interested in that you can also check
out my personal teespring shop
and buy the apparel there this is going
to just help out my channel but if you
want to support
sex star 69 and my channel then you
should definitely consider
buying something over on stem merge
seriously we got a lot of cool stuff
there and i can't get enough of this
nerdy [ __ ] that we are selling there
it's just absolutely amazing
and especially i love our brand new
non-linear dynamics collection and chaos
collection this was the one with the
bifurcation and face space diagrams that
you have seen so yeah
that is basically everything i want to
say i hope you enjoyed this video if you
did please like and subscribe definitely
subscribe to this channel also to tom
crawford's channel
and yeah up until the next video i wish
you guys a flammable day i hope you did
watch the video till the end because
this is really helping out the channel
and do not forget please share the video
around my channel is on the verge of
dying in the last time
and i would like to not end this journey
here on youtube
anytime soon so please make sure to
share the video everywhere such that
it gets a bunch of views now to the next
video i wish you guys
a flammable day ciao
you